# Quadrotor_MRP
Abstract: For aggressive acrobatic maneuvers of quad rotors,
it is essential to have quick and precise control. This paper
presents a systematic approach to achieve the same using the
cascade control approach. We have discussed the design of both
the inner and outer loop controller with their stability proof.
We have designed an inner-loop non-linear PID control law that
tracks the fast time-varying set-points, generated by the outer
loop, based upon the errors between the actual and desired
trajectory. A Non-linear Disturbance observer is proposed to
make the controller robust to the exogenous disturbances existing
in the surrounding. We have used the Modified Rodriguez
Parameters (MRPs) to represent the quad rotor’s orientation,
which solves the unwinding as well as singularity problem using
a switching strategy that is computationally efficient. The ease
nature of handling singularity in MRPs enables us to have a
robust global full degree of freedom, discontinuous trajectory
tracking control. Additionally, we have implemented an MRP
based Extended Kalman Filter(EKF) for estimating the attitude
and compensating for the measurement error from the sensors,
and uncertainty in the system. An algorithm for handling the
upside-down orientation of the quadrotor at the start of the
flight has also been developed. Finally, numerical simulation
results illustrate the efficacy of the proposed control strategy
for achieving aggressive flights.

A non linear disturbance observer and a non linear control law for the quadrotor dynamic system.(both for translational and rotational motion)


Objective:

1) Modelling quadrotor dynamic system :- Euler-lagrange equation
                                      :- Lagrangian equation
                                      :- Rotation matrix
                                      
2) 6-DOF Kinematics equations         :- Euler angles, Quaternions, Modified Rodrigues Parameters
                                      :- Conversion between them 
                                      :- the equation governing their rate of change
                                      :- rotation matrix formation from each kind of representation

3) State estimation of 6-dof          :- position and orientation
                                      :- implementing kalman filter 
                             
4) Non linear PID control augmented with NDO(Non linear disturbance observer)


5)Speech recognition based trajectory selector  :- Stft images of audio and then classifying them by implementing deep learning model.
